[Tidy] Replace __init__ with model_post_init (#1089)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/changelog.d/20250402_101816_maximilian_schulz_model_post_init.md

<!--
A new scriv changelog fragment.

Uncomment the section that is right (remove the HTML comment wrapper).
-->

### Highlights ✨

> - Vizro models now have autocomplete functionality for configuration when using the relevant [configuration/plugin](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/integrations/visual_studio_code/) ([#1089](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1089))

Author: ```suggestion
- Vizro models now have autocomplete functionality in IDE configuration when using the relevant [configuration/plugin](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/integrations/visual_studio_code/) ([#1089](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1089))
```

> - Vizro models now have autocomplete functionality in IDE configuration when using the relevant [configuration/plugin](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/integrations/visual_studio_code/) ([#1089](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1089))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Vizro models now have autocomplete functionality in IDEs when using the pydantic [plugin for VS Code](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/integrations/visual_studio_code/) or [for PyCharm](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/integrations/pycharm/). ([#1089](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1089))
```
